hi where to buy alcohol how to buy before
how to store it
let's talk about it now and the end
look at this thing like
spirit lamp where to buy alcohol is very simple
in Google you type alcohol to buy
space your city name I acted on
This technique chose the first 10 links
Looked that suits me at a price for
delivery terms and chose the cheapest
option because I need alcohol
for technical needs
called in the morning called from his address
houses
in the late afternoon a man drove up opened
trunk yes he has this for print
I gave him a can of alcohol 600
with horseradish rubles it is who is not from Russia
about 10 dollars a little bit more
less than about 10 bucks and all he left
so here is bought speed
of course if you need to eat
you probably need to choose more expensive
more qualitatively still not the most
I need a cheap option for
technical needs
there are also more expensive are qualitatively
much alcohol is needed cognac
make barrels then take more expensive of course
same
Well, look at the main reviews that
write about the company, too, punch in front
purchase
what's the movie on and then you can call
Movies where I'm going to keep
First, I'm going to keep this
Here is a small flask flask I bought
It is better not to store plastic plastics in this
flask I will keep to wear with
along with a spirit lamp such
marching set so to say bought a flask
don't know went straight the damn store came
jerked thinking for 1 euro here bought two
years ago it was useful finally
leftovers first i bought with a friend
addiction because I just have so much
it is not necessary to do so, too, advise
sold at least 5 liters at
Adequate price is less than 5
liter then it turns out very expensive
to a friend two and a half to the usual
I will give him a plastic bottle tomorrow
there are three pours into something further all
the remaining pour glass such here
bottles
this water i drink
the bottle will remain stored sleep two
storage options 1 glass
the best two first options
glass containers with ground glass
the lid then for the mask on top but I
I will not have special packaging
store here such half liter
small bottles padma melting lid and he
will be quietly kept by me
one working bottle
one simple one to the dacha will take here
and and pay
under the cover thread to sit more tightly
this is the first glass option the second option
in a special dish from a special
stainless steel but this guests need to watch
what were there in Soviet times now
special stainless steel because alcohol
let's say 200 liters is all stored
you can save naturally only in
stainless steel the fact that such bottles add up
these glass will still be so
stainless dishes store everything perfectly
stored 100 write internet too
Great storage preservation option
figured out better have probably one
big one there is a big bottle for to
tightly twist the lid there it is possible and
pour more than wax there paraffin
saw recently vodka which cap
sealing wax said that it is possible too
apply the easiest option
buy a few bottles of glass
there for a penny
for 20 rubles and use so what
a spirit lamp here is a potato with a spirit lamp
that nedele will want to look at the tests
compare with what is better
gas burner is understandably good
conveniently there is still dry fuel recently
I had a video on the channel about
Taganok on dry fuel from the kit
army food ration there we
calculated that two pills and time
boiling somewhere for about 8 minutes look
how many grams of alcohol do we need here ?
how many grams of dry fuel and
compare how much time is needed and here
get the answer gas gas to be honest
for boiling half a liter on my gas
burner need gram
7 probably 7 grams but all this is clarifying
Che will be full video so
is a spirit stove here
alcohol is poured most likely here
stuffed with something inside
Porn further unassembled and here
set on fire
If apparently you need to put it is extinguished
such a lid and closes on
cover rubber seal devil
will be with and become so about dollars 15
probably more expensive than a can of alcohol here
this is what's on the package in Chinese
something here in English can
get read here is the principle of all about
what I wanted to share for today
cooking'll have all the alcohol
bye bye see you in the following videos